Hello! It's me, Desin. Welcome to "Smarter Everyday".
I am in the Netherlands today
and I'm hanging out with a friend we worked on a scientific project
His name is Johan Kr ...
- Cranekin. -That's it.
But in any case, Johann is a laser expert
and we both worked on different things on the Internet.
So today we will show you how the lasers work.
(music)
Desin: So this is a laser with an open tube.
Would you explain the components of this type of laser?
Here's the laser tube,
filled with a mixture of helium and neon that amplifies the light,
and at both ends there are mirrors that are positioned to reflect the vertigo back and forth.
"Let's get it on fire?" - Come on!
(click)
Johann: There is a 4-second delay in safety.
Destin: Okay ... super!
Johann: In fact, the helium-neon laser tube is just a more sophisticated version of a neon lamp
It's just ... the electrical charge passes through it
as in a neon sign
More particular, it has two holes
through which light can pass.
We put two mirrors on both sides of the laser tube
and the light that goes through the laser strikes in the mirror
and is reflected back and forth through the pipe.
At each pass through the tube the light increases.
If you make this mirror slightly transparent - in this case with 2% transparency -
every passing light
will come out 2% and there will be a beam coming out of here.
So ... then what comes out of the other end of the mirror,
is due to the imperfection of the mirror.
With a perfect mirror there would not be a laser beam, would you?
--Exactly. "But because the mirrors are imperfect,
a small beam emerges. --Yes.
In our case, the laser was designed to reflect only 98%
and what we see is the 2nd percentage coming out.
Destin: Okay, I notice that inside the tube
the beam is much stronger.
You can see how the laser strikes particles in the air.
But down ... the photons that go out of the mirror ...
they are not so strong. Right? -Yes.
The light that rotates inside the laser is much more intense.
And if you hold your hand off the laser and block the beam,
you will notice that you "catch" the beam. It looks very interesting.
But if you put your hand inside the pipe
you will prevent the amplification of light
and the light will not spin back and forth and the laser will stop working.
Destin: So it stops right at the other end?
Although we block the radiation from this country
the laser does not shine on the other side.
I am personally waiting for the Toronto Toronto (Star Trek).
- I've been doing this. "So you got yourself?" Excellent!
Anyway, we want to thank Johan for his time
and ... uh ... would you thank the people who let us ... in Dutch?
Of course!
Destin: Do you mock me?
Hey! Of course not. (laugh)
Dustin: Do you want to become even smarter?
Then watch this video from MinutePhysics.
Henry explains what is happening inside the helium-neon tube
in this cool science video.
(music)
Desin: I present to you the months of lasers.
The Laser Month will have many videos we shot here in the Netherlands with Johannes.
He is a true laser genius. Can I call you a laser genius?
--Of course! (Dustin laughs.)
All right. Now we'll play a laser limb. Ready?
--No. --Why not?
--It's dangerous! - Come on, laser limb!